Style Guide for docs (#14)
easybuilders/easybuild-docs: STYLE_GUIDE.md

> # Style Guide for *docs.easybuild.io*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Style guide for EasyBuild documentation

General guidance on the style of the EasyBuild documentation.

## Code Blocks

There are broadly two types of code block used, which take different syntax highlighting:

> * Where the code represents a single command use the `shell` lexer and don't include a leading `$`. E.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Where the code represents a single command use the `shell` lexer, and don't include a leading `$`.
  For example:
```

    ```` markdown
    ``` shell
    ls -la ~
    ```
    ````

> * Where the code represents a command, followed by some example output, use the `console` lexer and *do* include a leading `$`. E.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Where the code represents a command, followed by some example output, use the `console` lexer, and *do* include a leading `$`.
  For example:
```

    ```` markdown
    ``` console
    $ echo "Hello World!"
    Hello World!
    ```
    ````

## Admonitions

> Use [admonitions](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/) primarily for warnings (`!!! warning`) and info (`!!! info`).

Author: Resolved by 40b9738

# Style guide for EasyBuild documentation

General guidance on the style of the EasyBuild documentation.

## Code Blocks

There are broadly two types of code block used, which take different syntax highlighting:

* Where the code represents a single command use the `shell` lexer, and don't include a leading `$`.
  For example:

    ```` markdown
    ``` shell
    ls -la ~
    ```
    ````

* Where the code represents a command, followed by some example output, use the `console` lexer, and *do* include a leading `$`.
  For example:

    ```` markdown
    ``` console
    $ echo "Hello World!"
    Hello World!
    ```
    ````

## Admonitions

Use [admonitions](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/) primarily for warnings and notes.
For example:

``` markdown
!!! warning
    This is a warning!

!!! note
    This is a note.

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Internal Links

MkDocs automatically adds an html anchor to all headers. The default anchor is the header text in lower case and spaces replaced by `-`. So, the header 'Internal Links' gets an automatic anchor of `internal-links`.

We can manually specify the anchor by adding an attribute, so:

``` markdown
## Internal Links {: #anchor }
```

The standard MkDocs method to link to another page is by reference to the relative path to the markdown file:

``` markdown
[link text](page.md)
```

and to a section within the page with

``` markdown
[link text](page.md#anchor)
```

The EasyBuild docs uses [mkdocs-autorefs](https://github.com/mkdocstrings/autorefs). This allows internal links to be automatically linked by referring only to the anchor, e.g.

``` markdown
[link text][anchor]
```

Note: if an anchor is not unique across all pages in the documentation then this will pick one of the occurrences to link too!

```

Reviewer 2: Documenting the addition in #22
